I won’t be able to attend today
Did you discuss it with
We should be able to check if our system works well with this change first.
I have attached the documentation (I'm not sure if you have previously been sent these) for reference.
Please give me the go ahead when you’re ready, and I will make it happen.
For the request to turn on the extended response, we are good to turn the switch
It might be worth looking at
it's not worth the improvement it might achieve
should be discussed with
I will go over the rest of the bugs today and assign them to the fixed version
As far as I see
This requires from us
I have  a couple of issues regarding displaying
You can learn more about the logic in the spec
Another thing is about
I just wanted to clarify if this issue was agreed and this feature is possible to implement
Please see Vadim’s answers.
Do we prefer to use
I've been informed by the product team that
It will not be possible to begin integration for the next version in this current state.
Is the developer’s guide availible to share?
If so, could you please send it to us?
We have successfully gone live
Apologies for the delay in response.
All is well thanks! Hope so too on your side
Can we set up a technical call for our implementation team to get a solid understanding of your systems in order to provide the correct setup and consultancy? 
My advice would be to start with a trail
Once you are comfortable in the setup we can
Look forward to your reply and your thoughts. 
How is the  pilot going on?
Is there any new information we should be aware of?
Could you please advice if 'Secure Payment Page' should have the same behavior
Please be informed that we have created
Documentation and reference information on our products and services can be found in the
will not be available for approx
Could you please advice if 'Secure Payment Page' should have the same behavior
is working as expected
can you please describe the production behavior so we have a fixed reference
i don't see why we need to depend
Also, please discuss all the server configuration changes with
it's a wrong architecture and we won't change it
could you please review the suggested solution and approve database changes
